# Privacy Policy

Effective date: February 1, 2020

Goaseasy (« us », « we », or « our ») operates the Goaseasy application (hereinafter referred to as the « Service »).

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy is managed by the for [David Jones](qowera@gmail.com)

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Definitions

- ServiceService is the Goaseasy application operated by [David Jones](qowera@gmail.com)
- Personal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
- Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

## Types of Data Collected

### PERSONAL DATA

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (« Personal Data »). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/spreadsheets
- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/script.container.ui
- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/script.scriptapp

We use this range to get the data in the data table.

- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/script.send_mail

We use this scope to send app status to the user itself.

- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/script.external_request

We use this scope to send to third-party applications based on user-defined personal data.

## USAGE DATA

When you access the Service, we may collect your email address, but we are not selling this information to anybody.

## Use of Data

Goaseasy uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain the Service
- To notify you about changes to our Service
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
- To provide customer care and support
- To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
- To monitor the usage of the Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside China and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to China and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Goaseasy will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

Goaseasy may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Fast123.ca
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- To protect against legal liability

### Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (« Service Providers »), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the « effective date » at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: qowera@gmail.com
